Improve error when less params bound for PK cols in WHERE (#16064)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.7.2.rst

Fixes
=====

> 
> - Fixed issue that threw an ``ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException`` instead of a user
>   friendly error message, instead of, when the ``WHERE``` clause of a query
>   uses all columns of a :ref:`PRIMARY KEY <constraints-primary-key>`, uses
>   parameters, and binds less actual values than the required, e.g.::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Fixed an issue leading to a ``ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException``  instead of a user
  friendly error message when the ``WHERE``` clause of a query
  uses all columns of a :ref:`PRIMARY KEY <constraints-primary-key>`, uses
  parameters, and binds less actual values than the required, e.g.::
```

Reviewer: We have another fix entry with ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException, let's make phrasing consistent. Also, duplicate "instead of".

Author: thx!
